Update readme with more detail on review step (#34)
hashicorp/mktg-webdev-challenge: README.md

## Submitting Your Work

> Please **do not submit a pull request to, or open any issues in this repo**. This is a template repository only. To submit your challenge, hit the "use this template" button on github to create a copy of it for yourself and Grant access to `kylemac`, `mwickett`, `brkalow`, `alexcarpenter`, `ashleemboyer`, and `brandonromano` as collaborators. All your work should be done on your copy of the repo only.

Reviewer: 💭 I think updating the wording from "to submit your challenge" would be beneficial since there is a separate section with steps for submitting the challenge. I also think re-formatting this into a bullet list and providing a little more info on how to add collaborators helps make it really clear what people need to do. What do you think @mwickett?

```suggestion
Please **do not submit a pull request to, or open any issues in this repo**. This is a template repository only. All your work should be done on your copy of the repo only. To begin your challenge:

- Create a new repository using this one as a template. This can be done in two ways:
  - Clicking the "Use this template" button on the GitHub home page
  - Visiting the generate page: [mktg-webdev-challenge/generate](https://github.com/hashicorp/mktg-webdev-challenge/generate)
- In your new repository, go to Settings > Collaborators
- Add the following usernames as collaborators: `kylemac`, `mwickett`, `brkalow`, `alexcarpenter`, `ashleemboyer`, and `brandonromano`
```

Author: Much clearer, this is great.
